# Golfer-Data
  Throughout this semester, I collected data on thirty different golfers both active and not active. I collected all of my data through the PGA website, underneath the stats tab on the site. My unit of analysis is all the variables compared amongst an active or non-active golfer. Through my research, I used a convenience sample to collect the data because I was interested in certain golfers' stats compared to the others. These variables were collected through the golfer's profile, based on the website reviewed.  
I measured the type of golf club they used through the thirty observations both active and non-active golfers. I did this by searching up the majority of the branded club that is used in their bag throughout their career. I found that many of the non-active golfers used their own, self-branded golf club. Currently, active golfers use the more popular brands that are more recent to golf like TaylorMade and Calloway.
  Another thing I measured was the average driver distance throughout all thirty observations. Going through their careers looking at the average driver distance throughout each year of their career amongst all thirty observations, was how I collected this data. Analyzing this data, allowed me to see how current golfers have a further distance compared to golfers from our history. We can say that this is because of the new technology in today's day in age, that helps golfers become more powerful when swinging newer clubs. 
I measured the tournaments won through all thirty observations, comparing their totals using active compared to non-active players. I collected their total number of winnings through their carers, by looking at their profile through the site. I was able to find that many of the current golfers have more tournaments won throughout their career compared to golfers from our history. We can assume this is because, throughout time, the tour (PGA tour) has added a lot more tournaments due to the status of courses around the world. 
  Something else I measured was if they were right or left-handed, observing it amongst all thirty observations. This was something I didn't see much significance in after collecting it due to being a genetically born thing. I was able to see that the majority of the famous old-timers were left-handed, due to the rareness of being a lefty. Although we can't assume anything that compares it to active golfers, due to it being a genetically given thing. 
  Lastly, I measured as mentioned throughout each of these paragraphs if the golfer is active or not active. I was able to collect this by looking at their profiles through the site and seeing if they are still active or not. This was something I compared to each of my variables, due to its significance in the sports world. We can assume that this variable and most of these variables, that active players have more technology and ability to build status compared to golfers in history.     
